Tempo: Add provisioning example to Tempo docs (#43049)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/tempo.md

## Linking Trace ID from logs

You can link to Tempo trace from logs in Loki or Elastic by configuring an internal link. See the [Derived fields]({{< relref "loki.md#derived-fields" >}}) section in the [Loki data source]({{< relref "loki.md" >}}) or [Data links]({{< relref "elasticsearch.md#data-links" >}}) section in the [Elastic data source]({{< relref "elasticsearch.md" >}}) for configuration instructions.

## Provision the Tempo data source

> You can configure data sources using config files with Grafana's provisioning system. Read more about how it works and all the settings you can set for data sources on the [provisioning docs page]({{< relref "../administration/provisioning/#datasources" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can modify the Grafana configuration files to provision the Tempo data source. Read more about how it works and all the settings you can set for data sources on the [provisioning]({{< relref "../administration/provisioning/#datasources" >}}) topic.
```
